Improve uvh5 storage of new phasing info (#1142)
RadioAstronomySoftwareGroup/pyuvdata: docs/references/uvh5_memo.tex

  ECEF. The conversion between LLA and ECEF is given by WGS84. This is a
  two-dimensional array of size (Nants\_telescope,
  3). (\textit{antenna\_positions})
\item \textbf{phase\_center\_catalog}: A series of nested datasets, similar to
a dict in python (\textit{phase\_center\_catalog}). The top level keys are integers
giving the phase center catalog IDs which are used to identify which

> baseline-times are phased to which phase center via the phase\_center\_id\_array.

Reviewer: should `phase_center_id_array` be emphasized here to indicate it is an attribute on the object? It seems like other things are done that way? Or am I misinterpreting why emphasis is used?

\item \textbf{phase\_center\_app\_ra}: \textit{float}
Apparent right ascension of the phase center in the topocentric frame of the observatory, in radians.
This is a one-dimensional array of size Nblts. In the event that there are multiple phase centers,
the phase\_center\_id\_array can be used to identify which phase center is used for this
calculation. For unprojected phase types, this is just the apparent LST (LAST). (\textit{phase\_center\_app\_ra})
\item \textbf{phase\_center\_app\_dec}: \textit{float}
Apparent declination of the phase center in the topocentric frame of the observatory, in radians.
This is a one-dimensional array of size Nblts. In the event that there are multiple phase centers,
the phase\_center\_id\_array can be used to identify which phase center is used for this
calculation. For unprojected phase types, this is just the telescope latitude.
(\textit{phase\_center\_app\_ra})
\item \textbf{phase\_center\_frame\_pa}: \textit{float}
Position angle between the hour circle (which is a great circle that goes through the target
postion and both poles) in the apparent/topocentric frame, and the frame given in the

> phase\_center\_catalog under the cat\_frame dataset. This is a one dimensional array

Reviewer: again with this instance.

  (Nfreqs). Note this is \textbf{required} if the file uses flexible
  spectral windows (see
  Sec.~\ref{sec:flex_spw}). (\textit{flex\_spw\_id\_array})
\item \textbf{dut1}: \textit{float} difference between UT1 (defined with respect to the

>   Earth's angle of rotation, which includes whole and partial "leap seconds") and UTC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Earth's angle of rotation, which includes whole and partial ``leap seconds'') and UTC
```

\subsection{\texttt{version} dataset}
When present, the version information is stored in the Header as a string-based
dataset with the key \verb+version+. Note that files have not always contained
this dataset, but as much as possible, new files written should contain this
dataset to clarify.

\subsection{Version 1.0}
Historically, only a single phase center was supported and only sidereal or
unprojected (zenith drift without w projection) phasing types were supported.
When multiple phase center phasing was added, along with support for more
types of phase centers, the phase\_center\_app\_ra, phase\_center\_app\_dec,
phase\_center\_frame\_pa and phase\_center\_catalog were added and the
following header items were removed:

\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{phase\_center\_ra}: \textit{float} The right ascension of the
      phase center of the observation in radians. Required if phase\_type is
      ``phased''. (\textit{phase\_center\_ra})
    \item \textbf{phase\_center\_dec}: \textit{float} The declination of the phase
      center of the observation in radians. Required if phase\_type is
      ``phased''. (\textit{phase\_center\_dec}).

>     \item \textbf{phase\_center\_epoch}: \textit{float} The epoch year of the phase

Author: It looks like it can only be float.

writing fully compatible readers/writers may look there for further details.

It is strongly encouraged that independent UVH5 writers conform to the latest
version (Version 1.1 at time of writing), while readers are encouraged to
support backwards compatibility as much as possible. If readers cannot support
all revisions, reading more recent versions should be prioritized.

\subsection{\texttt{version} dataset}
When present, the version information is stored in the Header as a string-based
dataset with the key \verb+version+. Note that files have not always contained
this dataset, but as much as possible, new files written should contain this
dataset to clarify.

> \subsection{Version 1.0}

Author: This subsection has the same name as a later subsection. It clearly needs to be renamed, and maybe it should move later (after the 0.x/0.1 subsection)?

Author: @plaplant Can you recommend an ordering here? Should it be chronological? And should this subsection should be called 1.1?

Author: I think I fixed this to be more sensible now. Of course it still needs review!

window-axis), UVH5 files should be written such that they conform to Version
1.0.

\subsection{Version 1.1}
Historically, only a single phase center was supported and only sidereal or
unprojected (zenith drift without w projection) phasing types were supported.
When multiple phase center phasing was added, along with support for more
types of phase centers, the  \textbf{phase\_center\_catalog},
\textbf{phase\_center\_id\_array}, \textbf{phase\_center\_app\_ra},

> \textbf{phase\_center\_app\_dec}, and \textbf{phase\_center\_frame\_pa}

Reviewer: this honestly looks really nasty in the rendered documet. Maybe we can make it an itemize instead of a comma separated sentence?

Author: good idea

      ``phased''. (\textit{phase\_center\_dec}).
    \item \textbf{phase\_center\_epoch}: \textit{float} The epoch year of the phase
      applied to the data (\textit{e.g.}, 2000.). Required if phase\_type is
      ``phased''. (\textit{phase\_center\_epoch})
    \item \textbf{phase\_center\_frame}: \textit{string} The frame the data and
      uvw\_array are phased to. Options are ``gcrs'' and ``icrs'', with default
      ``icrs''. These frames are defined as
      \href{https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/coordinates/index.html}{coordinate
        systems in astropy}. (\textit{phase\_center\_frame})
    \item \textbf{object\_name}: \textit{string} The name of the object tracked by
      the telescope. For a drift-scan antenna, this is typically
      ``zenith''. (\textit{object\_name})
    \item \textbf{phase\_type}: \textit{string} The phase type of the
      observation. Should be ``phased'' or ``drift''. Note that ``drift'' in this
      context more accurately means ``unphased'', in that baselines are computing
      using ENU coordinates, without any $w$-projection. Any other value is treated as
      an unrecognized type. (\textit{phase\_type})
\end{itemize}

> For a brief period of time, while the version number was still 1.0, the new phase attributes

Reviewer: Maybe I'm being nit picky but this feels like it might flow a little better.
```suggestion
Prior to version 1.1, the new phase attributes
```
